Essay - "About Me"
My name is Vova. I'm half Russian an and half Okrainian.
I love Clothes
My most favourite items are Rick Owens shoes and glasses also T-Shirts in pink colour.
Almost every summer my family like going abroad to Turkey on holiday.
At those beaches We always spend a good time we also love taking some photos from different vacation places.
I've grown up in Almaty It's noisy and crowded city but for these reasons I love it.
Almaty has a lot of intresting sightseeings, which contain Nikolskiy's cathedral, kazakh's cathedral, Christ the Savior's temple, Bayker's mosque and etc.
I go to the gym and also to the drum lessons and study Programming.
I want to get better than I was every week. I often get to drum lessons by bus. I am scared of snakes, spiders and sharks. After legs dags I always find it hard to g

up the steps. I have 1 friend with whom we love going out to the KFC, PS club for playing Mortal Kombat 1. Both of us are thin, but my friend has short haircut though I have long straight hair. Games will become boring for me if I don't dominate that I can be late to drum lessons I have long straight hair met boring for me easily.
Cause I usually leave home when there one 15 min left until the lesson and I am hurry up going to the bus stop I like Fridays or weekend cause I always look forward to meeting my friend.
I love Listening to music. My favourite artists of this year is Yeat. I can't play the guitar. Each week I do housework. I have quited to be a student year ago. I'll start to study at the university this autumn. I am grateful that teacher who made me speak English as easy as
it was. About university my parents let me choose the universityy, which I want. I go to English lessons on Wensdays and Fridays. On Wensday the lesson starts at 2 P.M. I have acne but I can't give up drinking energy drinks. Unlike me who has full family, my friend was brought up only by his mother. Almost none of my friends study Programming. Only me and 1 my another friend has German surname his hame is Ilya. I have already had 3 tutors for Programming and I didn't use to get with them.
I will take IELTS for fun I am frigtened of it. I used to improve for the UNT. After that I failed it I was depressed and exhausted. Also I had problems when I took final exams at the school Math final exam was the most annoying one for me because of the teacher. If I pass IELTS well. I will be able to move to overseas and which country I'll choose I don't know right now. About my gym trainings won't make large progress unless. I start to eat correct, balanced nutration. I used to think that the hardest day at the gym is legs day. But I think how that back day is the hardest one. For that reason I don't love so much Monday.
If failed UNT I will Study at the uiversity fon a fee. It will become my reality. If I were myself from the past I would improve my preparation for UNT. Questions from UNT were so difficult for me I have done the taekwondo for 10 years. At my yard I always say hello to my heighbours who one older than me and when they have som problems. I'll ask them shall line you? Or May I help you?